hello everyone and welcome to Jones Act
survival came up today it's a couple
days before the 2012 duck opener got the
sentient tent set up Sarah and Zachary
are coming up tomorrow I did a little
bit of girl Sun today I haven't got
anything yet but welcome to the 2012
duck opener
well everyone I'm just cooking up some
hot dogs for lunch
I expect Zachary and Sarah to be up here
probably in about an hour I shot one
girls today jumped shot at a couple
other ones but messed bottle leaves on
the trees but I did get one today and
tomorrow morning will be the big cutting
open insult
anyway exactly there should be here
pretty soon
well Sara and Zach made it up and we
were just out there doing a little
scouting to see where we're gonna sit
they go up the river a little farther
saw a lot of ducks out there ring bills
teal and wood ducks Joe and Sarah
survival make him go away how is that
and Sarah are up here Zacks decided to
bring up his own tent this year which
will be interesting because it's
supposed to get down to 25 tonight and I
will have the wood stove going back I
got a nice little spot to tuck it in
here and my dad his grandpa is camped
right there and he's only maybe 75 feet
from the tent this is my dad's tent here
she's got a nice kitchen setup right
inside there it's supposed to rain
tonight maybe snow and then he's got his
cot and bed stuff there in his cooler so
it's just perfect size for one person
I went out again and I shot another
grouse so now at least we have two of
those and across the road from where
Sara and I are staying and my tent is my
brother Chris and his wife Teresa and
her brother Johan comes up too late
later on today and that's the tent that
they stand
Zach made this kitchen for this year up
here works really good
okay everyone well tomorrow is the 2012
duck opener
kids are up here we got our stuff we
just went through all of our shell bags
getting everything ready to go here
suppers cooking you'll get that in
another video and I'm gonna add this one
and we'll have another one that's
tomorrow and we'll be whacking some
ducks thanks a lot for watching the
Jones Act Survival channel with Sarah